Ted and Stella joined the others at McClaren's. Ted: Hi. Lily: Hi. How are you? Stella (taking the glass of Barney): I'll just finish this. Ted: It was just dinner with her sister Stella and her boyfriend.They married before us. Stella: You know, you dream of the perfect wedding since you been little girl. Lily: Yeah. Marshall: Bluntly. Stella: My sister steals my dream wedding. So every little detail on Shelter Island, the sun managed to sleep... Flashback Stella and Ted are the restaurant's sister Stella and her boyfriend. Sister Stella:... near the beach in the old family home. This is my dream wedding. Stella (Ted taking the glass): I'll finish it. Ted: It seems that the lamb is great here. Nora: I'm vegan. I wish I could silence that voice in me that says eating animals is murder, but I guess I'm not as strong as you. Ted: Did you need protein. I take the lamb. End flashback Ted: New objective: Our marriage is to kick the ass of hers.Our marriage is to take the head of his, press it down the toilet and flush 20 times. Lily: Ted, in high school, his marriage was you, right? Stella: You know, she always wants to overtake. I like it, but there is a part of me that would like it all falls apart. Stella is the restaurant with his sister and Ted. Nora: I hate it! I hate him. God, this steak is good. 4 days before and he fled with a consultant from Whole Foods? I do my make-up more for him. I do not shower more for him. I shave armpits more for him. Ted: Hard to know where is the problem. Nora: Now, so close to the wedding... Got some bacon or something in the sauce. I love it. I would not be refunded. I will lose thousands of dollars. Ted (2030): Children in a relationship, you develop as a telepathy with your partner. Stella: You think about what? It might help. Ted: No, Stella, it should help. Pay for dinner. Do not worry.Taking Charge. Stella: It's true. Recovering your marriage, we reimburse you all that you paid for. Ted and I are getting married Sunday. GENERIC Ted: We get married on Sunday? It is sure to be ready for this? Stella: I've wasted years waiting for the father of Lucy decides to be "ready" for it, but it has ever been. That's why we had never married. Come on, must be spontaneous, I dreamed that Tony is spontaneous like that. Ted: I'm leaving. And I'm also... spontaneous. (He throws a glass of water on his face) I would not have done that. Ted (2030): Children, morality often happens at the end of the story, but this one is too important, I will say now: Never, never, invite ex to your wedding. If I was given this advice, it would have changed everything. Ted, Barney, Marshall and Lily are at the bar. Ted phone. Ted: We need you to come, this is my marriage. Robin: I can not. I am in Tokyo. This is my first week. I can not leave like this. In addition, I am finally serious information. Ted (2030): Robin was serious information. Flashback A man brings a fan on the set of information. Ted (2030): It was the first English news channel in Japan. Of course, the info was a little different there. Robin: The board of the Fed voted not to change the... rates. End flashback Ted: This is my marriage. You gotta be there. Robin: OK, I'll be there. I gotta go. Good evening. And I'm Robin Scherbatsky. The talks have been arrested in the Middle East. Despite a promising start in the final negotiations, the talks foundered on security. Ted: It is. Barney: Okay, burial of bachelorhood. Tonight, I have three exotic dancers most flexible physically and mentally that you've ever seen... Ted: No time. Barney: I'll tell you. Marshall and Ted leaves the bar. Ted: Do we really have to rent the cars for tomorrow. Barney: What? Lily: No "You not married, Ted?" No "You're making a big mistake, Ted?" Have you stopped the fight against marriage? Barney: No, I recognize a lost cause, when I see it. That's why I'm not recycle. In addition, Ted getting married, it is my interest. You know... Flashback Barney is in his office. Barney: I worked on an issue of utmost importance. I admit I was baffled. Until I decided to take the bull by the horns.(Barney written on a board: how to lie down again with Robin) Then, finally, I décryptais code. "GIVE THE MARRIAGE OF TED. " End flashback Lily: So you come back to Robin. Barney: Let's hope. This weekend is my best chance to start with it. Lily: You'll never there. Too many opportunities. The first bridesmaid drunk, you'll have your head under the dress as a photographer of yesteryear. Barney: Lily, kidding. I want to look cutesy and romantic, but this weekend, Robin will be the only girl that I will draw. Stella and Ted are on a boat. Ted (2030): And the day before the wedding, Stella and I made the trip to Shelter Island. With others not far away. Marshall, Lily and Barney are also on board. Marshall, Lily and Barney are in a bar. Lily: It's not really the place I imagined for the wedding of Ted. Barney: "The Collective Namaste Yoga and Meditation." Marshall: I know about you, but I will not namaster here too long. Lily: Honey, will see the dirty hippie to the reservation there, we, we'll take to drink. Barney: You have anything like Scotch? Bartender: In the center, we have a strict anti-alcohol. Marshall: Super, meals included, right? Woman: Yes, and they are all 100% vegan. Barney: I need alcohol. I'm not gonna do that stuff with Robin.Look at that. Berry cocktail, conditioner meninges. I dream, these drinks could make a girl smarter. What hell Ted brought us? Marshall: There's no meat. Lily: There's no alcohol. Marshall: Even worse, I'm 90% sure that this kind in which you spoke was the lead singer of Spin Doctors. Ted joined them. Ted: Guys, Stella and I have a little problem. Flashback Stella is sitting on the bed and watch the programs, while Ted packs his things. Stella: The programs are great. It is not our names on it, but otherwise it looks nice. Ted: Actually, I spoke to Robin. It is a little late, but it will be there on time. Stella: You're invited Robin? Ted: Yes, of course. Stella: You gave me no warning. I'm not sure what to think. Ted: Can I help you? Are you happy. You like him. Stella: Yes, but it's your ex girlfriend. It's weird. Ted: But no. Stella: It's weird. Not what you imagine is to see her boyfriend's ex marriage. Stella imagine the scene. Robin: Your new husband dismounted me out three times a day. Stella: When the former are present, I dunno, it brings back...things unresolved. Close with your ex, do you know that the flame will not turn back? Ted: Come on, we're friends. In addition, we already had our Thanksgiving last relapse, it is not old. Stella: Have you bet money against you in this quarrel? Ted: She already has his ticket. Stella: It's important to me. I would have never invited the father of Lucy. Ted: It would not bother me. Tony is great. Invite him too. Stella: No, Tony is the last person I want to see here, OK? And Robin is the penultimate. Flashback Ted: Robin will soon get on the plane. In addition, it unleashed a lot of work for that. Robin has the information, while a monkey sits next to her and slap on the desktop. Robin: Driven by concerns about the environment and oil prices, sales of hybrid vehicles rose 11% over last year. Back to the place of marriage of Ted and Stella. Ted: What should I do? Marshall: I know. I understand something is "no ex". Why would we want that history failed to come see one successful?It's like inviting the Seattle Mariners World Series. It's embarrassing for everyone. Barney: What? No. Robin must come. Ted: That's true, this is my best friend. Girl friend. My best friend girl. Lily: I do not care, why do such. Barney: Dude, Robin has to be there. Marshall: It should not come. Barney: What are you parl... Ted: Aldrin Justice, the last word. Lily: OK, this would be weird without Robin. But not contradict the bride. Ted: I will not tell him to come. Marshall: It's the right decision. Ted: It's gonna be the worst phone call of all time. Barney: Co-witness, I'll handle this. Robin picks up the telephone. Robin: Hello? Barney: Robin, where are you? Robin: I'm off to the airport. Barney: OK, in a few hours. Have a good flight. Bad news. I can not have it. Robin is gone. Ted: OK, Robin arrives. You know, I'm fine. The former should be able to go to weddings. I'll tell Stella to do with. Lily: You should be more delicate with Stella about Robin. Ted: What do you mean by "delicate"? Lily: The brides are very stressed before a wedding. Well, of course, I was under control. Marshall: Do not you remember? Flashback In 2006, Lily arrives at the apartment in tears. Lily: The florist told me that roses are medium pink pale pink that means. Medium pink pale! All're done. Our wedding hall uses a boiler instead of a forced air heating. This is the thing that concerned me. Why are we still married? End flashback Marshall: After a while, is that the waffle. Lily: Poor Stella must be the crazy one month in three days. Ted: What do I do? Lily: You wait for the next crisis, the rules you, you're a hero.After, you dealt with on about Robin, but this time she will say yes. Ted: And if there is no other crises? Lily: This is a bride. There will be another crisis. Four minutes later... Ted: There is a new crisis. Lily: Great! What is it? Flashback Stella and Ted are in their rooms. Stella: My daughter, my daughter does not come to our wedding. Ted: What? Stella: Tony was the lead here tomorrow, but cash hurt my marriage, and he will not take him. It's been 5 years. Why not turn the page? End flashback Ted: So, first thing tomorrow I'm going to talk to him, convince him to let me take Lucy, then boom, crisis solved. Stella is happy. Robin comes to marriage. Nora: You are Barney? Barney: Yes. Nora: I heard you were a real b*st*rd, so listen. Tomorrow night, I want to do things so nasty and depraved that I forget that it was supposed to be my wedding. Barney: I'm here with someone. Nora: Bring her. Lily: You'll never get there.  Ted is by car. Ted (2030): So the morning of my wedding, I made the way home Tony, to take Lucy. Ted hits Chez Tony. Ted: We did a little karate? Tony makes a decision. Tony: Sorry, sorry dude. You have my alarm activated defense. You must remember these things. Stay alert, rest life. Ted: OK. Tony: What brings you here? I thought you'd be in a bridal suite with my wife. Ted: Not yet. Soon. Tony: That's right, tonight is the big night. Oh, man, you gonna make love to the mother of my daughter. Ted: Actually, I've already had s*x many times. Why I always corrects people? Tony: You and Stella. You're lucky. I could just... I am very happy for you. Ted: Look, here's the thing... Tony: You can not take it. Ted: Tony, stop. It is also a great day for Lucy. You'll have to put your problems aside and think about what is best for her.Whether you like it or not, it really should be the wedding of his mother. I take Lucy with me. He shakes Ted in his arms. Tony: You're right, man. You're right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's just... You see all... made me realize what I had. Ted: Let's cuddle. Tony: I'm sorry. Lucy is everything to me. I will lose it with this family, I am not one. Ted: But you're part of. Tony: I have not been invited to the wedding. Ted: You are now. Ted is in a car with Tony and Lucy. Tony: "Road Trip" OK? (They are on a boat) "Road Trip 2, back in the car." Stella's sister comes to see Barney. Nora: This is the big day. You hydrate? Barney: Dear wife, thank you for the interest you have for Barney Stinson... Nora: Your back will look like a Jackson Pollock. Barney: I regret to inform you that at this time... Nora: I have been vegan for 2 years. I need meat. Barney: There are currently no positions available. Nora: I am a teacher of Yoga. All positions are possible. Your room in 20 minutes. No preliminary. Barney: I will not do, huh? Lily: No chance. Ted, Lucy and Tnny arrive. Ted: Let me talk to Stella first. Lucy: Mom! Ted invited Dad! Stella: Hi, my heart. You've missed. Just one second, OK?Tony invited you? At our wedding? This was discussed. No ex at our wedding. Why did you do that? Robin comes up behind Ted. Robin: What did Ted this time? Ted and Stella are isolated in their room to talk. Stella: What does Robin here? I thought I was clear. No ex at our wedding. Ted: To be fair... your ex is here. Stella: You've invited! Ted: Come on, it's not weird. Stella: It's weird. It is as if it was not over between you. Tony and... I can not look after him. Will you tell him to leave? You can say it's my fault. I'll talk to Robin, she knows it's not personal. Ted (2030): The children, if I had left Stella talking to Robin, this story would have ended differently. Stella speaks with Robin. Robin: I understand. Ted talks to Tony. Tony: I get it. Man: For the first time, Ted and Stella Mosby. In 2030... Ted (2030): And now, how I met your mother. Stella: Your father has finally finished drooling? Who wants ice cream? Ted (2030): But I have not done. Ted: You can talk to Tony? Robin made the trip from Tokyo. I should talk to him. Stella: Of course. Ted goes to talk to Robin. Ted: Sorry to have run away like that. Robin: It's OK. Can you imagine not traveling I did. I was on a plane, a whole day. But it was worth it to see you get married.How I would have missed it... Ted: You can not come to the wedding. Robin: thank you God! Ted: What? Robin: It's weird. Ted: It's not weird. Robin: It's weird. You know how it feels to be one of the former married? Robin imagine the scene. Stella: Take that, bitch! I won! Ted: It was broken, there is more than a year. Robin: Yes, but it's not that long ago. See you marry another woman is not really something I look forward to. I just thought if I changed my mind about marriage and children, it was nice knowing you were there. Ted: So, I was your backup plan. It's flattering. Robin: That's not it. It's just... Ted: Why do you mention that? There was nothing between us. Robin: Maybe so. I mean, of course it does. The kind of thing that leaves no one fell swoop. I'm not a guest over. Ted: It's true. We went out together, but... we have moved on.And we got what we wanted. I marry, You have the job of your dreams in Tokyo. And they lived happily... Robin: I quit my job. Ted: You what? Robin: I return to New York. I thought I wanted this job, but...Getting back to my real life. And you should go back to yours. Ted: What does that mean? Robin: You married. Listen, this is precipitated. It's as if you started a book by the end. You are the most romantic. You stole a blue horn for me. You tried to make rain. Ted: I did the rain. Robin: It was a coincidence. After all this is how your romantic quest comes to an end? You hide in the wedding of another in his house in his life, without thinking twice. This is not the end spectacular than you deserve. It's not Ted Mosby. Ted: I love Stella. This is good. If you feel it all... I think it is good that you come to the marriage. Bartender: Big fight? Robin: Yes. Barman: There you go. It is for me. Robin: You stop it. (Robin drinks the glass of a sudden) My God, so, stop. Robin knocks on a bedroom door. Barney opens half naked. Robin: I spend a very bad day. I've stolen scotch at the duty free. It tells you? Barney: Let's go to your room. Far from it. And can be the whistle. Robin: I have no room. In fact, I thought I could stay with you. Barney: No problem. I just need to tidy up a little. Of clothes on the floor and... Robin: And a girl naked, tied to your bed. Barney: The towels in the bathroom, a real mess. So, give me 10 minutes... to restore order... Robin: In addition, Barney. Robin takes his suitcase and leaves. Nora arrives at that time. Nora: OK, let's go. Who's that? Barney: The girl on reception. Ted (2030): Children, sometimes you think you live a story, but the truth turns out to be quite different. (Robin is on board a boat, Ted is in his room and read a map and Stella is also on board) In those days, I thought it covered only the presence of Robin marriage. (Stella Tony covers his coat) If only I had understood what it was about. Flashback Ted and Stella discuss. Stella: Have his former close... it reveals unresolved problems. End flashback Lily and Ted joined Marshall in the room. Flashback Stella: With your ex not far, which tells you that the flame will not turn back? End flashback Barney joined them in turn. Flashback Stella: It's as if it was not over between you. Ted and Stella are in the restaurant. Stella: I've wasted years waiting for the father of Lucy decides to be "ready" for it. Tony is in the arms of Ted. Tony: You see all... made me realize what I had. Back at the restaurant... Stella: I dreamed that Tony is spontaneous like that. End flashback Ted (2030): Seriously, kids, do not invite your ex to your wedding.