March 1998, Lily Marshall waits at the airport. Ted (2030): Children, during the second year of college, when Lily is back from vacation, Marshall surprised her at the airport.And she caught him with a pack of Root Beer. Lily: Fort Lau-ger-Dale! Get it? Ted (2030): And suddenly, a ritual was born. The next 11 years, if one of them was on a plane... June 2002, Lily Marshall waits at the airport. Marshall: Minne-Cider! Get it? Ted (2030):... the reunion was still commemorated with a sign and a pack where they came from. February 2008... Lily: Aspen Yards Ale! Get it? Marshall: Actually, no! Lily: I do not either. I was hoping that you find. Ted (2030): But, one night in January 2009, the unthinkable happened. January 2009, Ted and Marshall are in McClaren's. Marshall: I will not get it. Ted: What? Marshall: Lily not want me to take a taxi to the airport just to get a taxi in the opposite direction. Ted: But the thing of the pack? Marshall: It was fun when we were younger, but we exceeded it. When mature, the relationship matures with us. Ted: But... you are an inspiration to us all, you are so dedicated and linked. I look at you, and that's all I want in the world. Barney: There are two students out, and they look easy! Ted and Barney runs out of the bar. Ted: Arizona... You know... I always wanted to see what looks like a license in Arizona. Barney: I already did that. 21 years. Ted: It's good. God thank you. What brings you here? Woman 1: Our group did a concert. Ted: You have a group? We will perhaps see you. Barney: Excuse me one second. (Barney leads Ted to the bar entrance) What is your problem? We will not see them play. Ted: Why? Barney: If you go see them, it is not better than blondes showing their tits at a concert by Van Halen. Ted: Yes, but these girls they sleep with Van Halen after? Barney: If you want to sleep with Van Halen, do it on your spare time. We're not guys who-could-come-you-see. It is the other guys, those older, who ever came and whose recognition is required. Ted: We are their fathers? Barney: Exactly. (They go see the girls) This is a great meeting, I think that we can come. Another time, girls. Ted: If you want to see us afterwards, we can exchange our numbers. Barney: Excuse us a minute. (Barney leads Ted still at the entrance of the bar) Have you gone crazy? We do not want their numbers. Ted: I know not what I was doing. I had panic there. Barney: Qua na you exchange a number, you give him the opportunity to call to cancel. If you give a number without an appointment, they must come. Checkmate! No number, just my fingers. Truck. Ted: You're still their father? They go back again. Barney: Why not arrange to meet you here tomorrow night to 22h. Woman 1: I think it will snow. What do we do if there is a blizzard? Barney: Whatever happens, we will be there. Ted: That's all "ski" account. Barney: Sorry one last time. Ted: What is the problem here? Barney: Well done. Ted: Thank you. Barney: At tomorrow night. Woman 2: Bluntly. Woman 1: Great! The two women leave. Barney: 'Definitely. Great! "Dude, these students seem stupid. Ted: Bluntly. Barney: Awesome. Here's the thing: tomorrow night, dress up well, it will move! Ted: We would still have had to make their numbers. Barney: You always imagine the worst. Ted, I promise, everything will be okay. It begins to snow. GENERIC Ted (2030): Children, the blizzard of 2009 was a monster. It snowed for 3 days, which gave three incredible stories. I start with Barney and me. Ted and Barney are the only McClaren's. Ted: It's really bad outside. They will not. Barney: But if it will come. It has to. If I can touch one of those girls, I get a "Bingo party student." Come on, Ted. You're the only one here. Ted: Sorry, a "Bingo party student"? Barney: Every year, Playboy publishes a list of the best student parties in the country. I take the top 25, and I do... a bingo card. All I need now that Arizona Tech, which is crazy. In a contest, it would be given automatically. Ted: How many people are on this festive bingo student? Barney: Just me. Ted: What is the purpose then? Barney: The goal is to make it five in a row. Ted: And you got what, if you succeed? Barney: I have a bingo. Marshall repaired the radiator to Ted's apartment, in front of Robin. Robin: Thanks for stopping by. I hacked the thermostat for 1 h before it was seen that the intercom. Marshall: Yeah, I heard you moan from below. Robin: The theft of Lily's tonight, you're really not looking for it? Marshall: As I said, when you grow up, our relationship matures with us. Robin: Knowing your wife, she'll still bring you back a pack. Marshall imagines the scene. Lily arrives at the airport and can not find Marshall. Lily: Marshall? Man: Puget Stout. The choicest of beverages from Seattle.And speaking of pack... He lifts his shirt and Lily goes with him. Robin: What are you doing? Marshall: I'm going to the airport. How could I be so stupid? Of course it takes me back a pack! Lily is on the plane. Lily: But this time, I'm not back pack. Because... when it matures, the relationship matures with us. Woman: He looks like a nice young man. I bet it will surprise you and pick you up anyway. Lily also imagines the scene. She arrives at the airport without pack, and Marshall awaits. Marshall: Where is my beer? Lily: It was said not this time. Marshall turns his sign which says: "Someone with beer." Woman: I have beer. Marshall: A pack and a size that suits me. Come on, new Lily. Marshall leaves with the woman and leaves Lily. Lily: I drink beer. Voice: This is your captain speaking. Apparently, it will arrive with an hour early. Ted and Barney are still at the bar alone. Carl: Finish, guys. I close the bar. Ted: No! It is only 21h. Barney: And it rocks here, yo! Carl: I'm really sorry, but I have to install beds in the church. It becomes a refuge, snowy nights. Barney: selfish b*st*rd! There are two cannons girls who come to us here. Ted: You can leave it open a little more? We monitor everything. Carl: You two? Impossible. You ignore the low bar. Barney: Serve the guns first? Carl: That's the key. Once your girls arrive, you turn off the lights and close. I want to go back and find a mess here. Ted: Seriously? Carl: I can trust you. Ted (2030): To find out what it meant to have the keys to the bar, I must revert back to the night when I released five little words that everyone says at one point in his life. Flashback Barney and Ted are playing Monopoly. Ted: There should be a bar. Barney: Of course, we should have a bar! Ted: You really should have a bar. Barney: It really should have a bar. Ted: Our bar would be great. Barney: And dude, dude, dude, dude... The name of our bar will be... Puzzles. People will, "Why Puzzles? "That's the puzzle. Ted: That's... a great name for a bar! And also, Puzzles: no nightcap. Barney: No nightcap! Ted: Except where everyone ended up spending the best night of his life, then we put the chairs on the tables and pulled out the margarita fountain. Barney: There should be a bar. Ted: There should be a bar. Ted (2030): Like all stupid sentences of five words that every man in her life said... Marshall is on the edge of the roof. Marshall: I can jump as far. At the apartment... Ted: I'm going to recover. At the bar... Carl: I can trust you. Ted (2030):... we would regret it. We knew not yet. End flashback Ted and Barney are behind the bar and prepared cocktails, by engaging the bottles. Until they are falling. Lily is at the airport. Lily: You? Great! I'm coming. (She hangs up his phone) Ranjit? Woman: I'm Rachel Sondheimer. Ranjit: One moment, Lily. IF you get off the plane, which is Marshall? And the pack of beer? Lily: That's the problem. I must be Brunivers in East Meadow in one hour. Ranjit: In the car! Lily: Thank you. Ranjit hand with Lily, leaving Rachel plan. In McClaren's... Ted: Barman. Triple Sec. Barney: It happens, keep tap. We will buy one. Ted: Served. Ted slides the glass on the counter but Barney does not catch up. Barney: Served. Ted: We will buy one. Woman 1: thank you God, you're still here. Woman 2: I do not know if you've seen Star Wars, but it looks like Hoth out. Ted: Prem's. Woman 1: Reminds me of when I was sledding with my father... before he leaves. Barney: And prem's. Ted: It can get warm with a glass? Woman 2: Sure... In fact, I invited the rest of the group to join us. Woman 1: It is the intention of getting drunk. Really get drunk.As my father did. Barney: Prem's, prem's prem's. Ted: I guess you could stay open longer. As it is you and the group? (The bar is crowded) Melissa, what kind of group is it? Melissa: We are the band of hens fighting Arizona Tech. All: Come on, Chickens! Ted (2030): It was then that Uncle Barney and I had a telepathic conversation. Ted: Dude, Carl is going to kill us if we turn not everyone immediately. I'm serious. He promised not to mess. Okay, you score a point. The bar is open! Who wants a beer? Robin and Marshall drive to the airport. Robin: I always find it silly. What happened to "when you grow up, the relationship matures with us"? Marshall: It's just something Lily read in "Psychology." It's good, she read in "Cosmo". Okay, I read in "Cosmo". Well, it was in "Cosmo Girl". Drive, OK? Robin: Why make a fuss a little ritual is abandoned. Marshall: It's more than that, OK? This is our little rituals. You know what we did when I got home? Robin: I do not wanna hear about f*ck like rabbits. Marshall: They told what they had eaten at noon. Flashback Marshall returned to the apartment. Marshall: Two eggs, a cheese pizza and steamed vegetables. Lily: A little bread, chicken, celery sticks and a spoon of peanut butter. We f*ck like rabbits? Marshall: They f*ck like rabbits. End flashback  Lily is with Ranjit. Ranjit: BTI... Too much information. Lily: You know what I miss? The call for lunch. Flashback Lily is in the kitchen on the phone. Lily: Baby, it's lunch and I love you. Marshall at the office: I do not think less. Although I must warn you that there seems to be a surplus on my side. Lily: No, I love you even more. Marshall: Do we get a room to pull all this out? It seemed like a good compromise, although I have to work my positions. I love you too. Marshall hangs up. End flashback Marshall and Robin were always by car. Marshall: Now, when she calls, I let the answering machine.The answering machine! Robin: How dare you? Marshall: What I miss most is the kiss of midnight New Year Lily: It was New Year's tradition But you know what we did this year? Ranjit: Kiss like rabbits? Lily: No. Flashback Lily and Marshall are sleeping on the couch. End flashback Robin: All of these little rituals, nice, cute... This is stupid. Say what we ate? They look like kids playing in the dinette. Marshall: Maybe you think it's stupid because you've never had a relationship that lasts long enough for that. Robin: What? Marshall: You know nothing of love. You're like a robot that someone would cry and say that... "Why this human leaking?" Robin: Really? Okay... Robot mode station-you-on-the-aisle-in-waiting-for-excuse-of-the imbecile. Robin stops on the roadside. Marshall: My robot was... a thousand times better. Ted and Barney are always at McClaren's, behind the counter. Man: FYI, the sink overflows into the bathroom. Ted: There's no sink. And you get out of the kitchen. Barney: Is there anything in a gin and tonic? There's what in a gin and tonic? Ted: Hold a bar, it sucks. Is closed. Barney: No nightcap! (The phone rings) Puzzles, Barney here. Carl: Well, you're still there. I arrive in 5 minutes. Barney: Last glass. Robin and Marshall are always stopping on the roadside. Marshall: A snowplow arrives. We must leave. Robin: You think being in love, it's just to have pet names. Or let the words stupid or darken in the blizzard for no reason. Marshall: You know what will happen? Robin: You know what you are? You're a snob of love. There's lots of ways to live a relationship, you would know if you left your little club "Snob love." Marshall: We'll be buried under the snow, that's what will happen. Robin: Nothing to be done. I will not sit here and insult me.We're not going to the airport. We go. (The snowplow passes and buried under the snow) It's been what? Ranjit and Lily arrive at a store. Lily: It was earlier called for the drink of Seattle. Man: You did well to call. I was close. It's the perfect storm outside. It was only in 2009, when the storm of the century, it is perhaps a little premature. Let the storm of the year. Even if one is in January. Lily: It is rather a hurry, so we'll take the beer. Man: You are a cute couple. Ranjit: Thank you. Lily: We're not a couple. Man: God thank you. It would have been weird. Here it is."Supersonic Tonic". Lily: No. It is a drum. I want a six pack. Man: That's all I have. Lily: You take the barrel. Ranjit: What? No. The last time I had one in the car, I ended up removing the dried vomit on the seat with a knife. Lily: Sorry, Ranjit, but it is a ritual, and I back this beer. If you could put it in the car. I'll give you $ 50. Ranjit: A car. Robin in the car... Marshall: Robin, I'm sorry. You're not a robot. If you are, you are a very advanced model, and the human race has no chance. You did not choose to show your love through rituals tacky, and that's good. But maybe we did that because we have always done and we know no other way. What I know is that if there sitting alone at the airport, I have to go get her.These are the rules. Robin: Close your eyes. Marshall: I know not how you thought I draguais you, but... Robin: Do it. (Robin opened the roof and the snow falls on them) Now, go find your wife. Barney makes people out of the bar. Barney: Okay, go. You are not obliged to return, but you can not stay. I always wanted to say that. I mean, in a bar. I say all the time with me. Man: One day, we should have a bar. And when it will, there will never be nightcap. Ted: We said no last drink. We must do. Barney: We should do what? Carl will be there from one moment to another. Ted: We can do one thing. Ted was a bar to his apartment. Ted: Caring for a bar, it's boring. We should stick to what we know. Barney: We should start a band. Ted: Of course! Why was not yet formed a band? Marshall and Robin arrive at the airport. Ted (2030): Children, sometimes in life, the planets align, everything comes together, and your timing is perfect.(Marshall and Lily calls Marshall called Lily but neither Marshall or Lily of the horizon. Lily sits on a bench and Marshall as well) It was not one of those moments. Marshall: Where is she? Robin: Seattle. Marshall: What? Robin: His flight was canceled. He has never taken off. Marshall: She would have called me and... Marshall looks at his phone. Lily is in Seattle. Lily: Baby, it's me. My flight was canceled because of a snowstorm and I will not fly until Thursday, I'm still stuck here for two days. It's lunchtime and I love you. Ted (2030): As I said, it was a storm of three days. Tuesday... Robin and Marshall are by car. Robin: I still think it's stupid. Ted (2030): Wednesday... (Barney and Ted are at McClaren's, behind the counter) And Thursday... (Lily is a store with Ranjit) So Tuesday, when Marshall heard this message... Marshall: It not return until Thursday. It was all the way here and not return until Thursday. I feel stupid. Listen, they say nothing to Lily about everything, OK? Especially the part where thou dredges. Robin: I've not dredged. Marshall: That's it. Ted (2030): Then Wednesday... At the apartment, it's party time. Ted: Dude, I do not believe that you've ever done this far.You'll have to go back and redo all that way again tomorrow. Marshall: The whole thing was a sign. Let us end this ancient ritual. I will not get it. Ted: Robin you really dredged? Marshall: Dude, that was weird. Man: Guys, this festival is great! You are true friends of Hens fighting. If necessary, do not hesitate to ask. Barney: The flute section does she see anyone? Ted: You're not really looking for it? Marshall: Really. Ted: So, on New Year's kiss, calls for lunch, all... "I ate it today," you're really going to drop it? Marshall: Yes, really. Ted (2030): Which brings us to Thursday. Lily is sitting on a bench at the airport. 3 men playing music, then a band come in, revealing Marshall. Marshall: A muffin, a pastrami sandwich, and chips. I know that lunch is over, but I love you. I love you Lily, more and more each day. Happy New Year. That means I have to bring a band at the airport now? Lily: Yes. Marshall: Damn. Marching band, Go Hens! Ted is sitting on the couch with a woman. Ted: Puzzles. Woman: This is a great band name. Have you seen Amanda? Barney: Bingo!